      There he goes again, clicking those keys rapidly, making something  new on his computer, even though it is 12 A.M. 
      That is just a regular night for, Jeremy Rossmann. Just so you know, Jeremy  was not your average college student. 
		“Teaching can be so hard, but it is one of the most important jobs in the world” says Jeremy. 
    Jeremy Rossmann is now the co-founder of Make School. Make School is an organization that helps high school 
    and college students start programing and build products they are passionate about.
    His company is doing well with many investors. Jeremy looks to expand and make things better in his company. 
      For him, there is no limit. 
When Jeremy was young his parents worked at Apple. As a result, he
grew up surrounded by the tech world. 
Jeremy went to a French-American-Chinese school, a well diversed shool and then went to Menlo School for high school.
When he was in Menlo he got his first exposure to programing. 
At Menlo his teachers, Mr. Thibodeaux and Mr. Steinberg, helped him a lot along the way.
But, all this success didn’t just come. 
Throughout his adventure to success he had to face many challenges . 
Jeremy was just your average college student taking programming classes at MIT.  
Soon,  he learned that he wanted to learn a different side of programing than what MIT was offering. 
Instead of giving up on college right there and then, he kept on going, and he started to work on projects after classes with friends.  
One game that Jeremy and his friend, Ashu Desai, made was for an iPhone. The game got featured by Apple 
on the front page of the App Store when it launched. This was a big step for Jeremy's career.
And that’s not all…Jeremy and his friend, decided to take a semester of school and work full time on their game.
Their plan was not to drop out of college - and now that he thinks about it, he really doesn’t recommend doing that. 
“Dropping out of college definitely isn’t a good plan except in very rare cases. But, our plan was to work on our  game for a semester 
so we could make it something we were proud of, then go back to school” says Jeremy.  
		They went on with their plan, and as they were working on the game, investors in Silicon Valley
    convinced them to start teaching high school students to make their games. 
    They gave them funding and they extended their time away from college to start this. 
    Then in 2012 they became Make School and they never ended up going back to school, but now, that didn’t matter to them.  
		 Jeremy says, “Building the school has been very challenging, but very rewarding. 
     I now understand some of the challenges that my teachers faced when I was a student, 
     and now I really appreciate the work they did for me even more.”
